1). How well does your model perform? How does it compare to the simplest baseline model
you can think of?
Response: 
Model performance is not good. If we increase the number of epochs the model
will perform very good on training data and is able to achieve an accuracy of approx 1.
But this is the case of overfitting and shows that once the model is exposed to all the
training data it learned perticular features available in this data but cannot generallize
to the new incoming data. 
	The achieved test accuracy is around 70 percent, where the baseline model will have 50%
accuracy (Random guess).

2). How many images are required to build an accurate model?
Response:
There are multiple ways:
	a). Collect lot of samples and overfit it to them (and this is the woest way of progressing)
	b). Use better and deep model (again we need more data with regularization).
	c). Perform better preprocessing (this way we can reduce the amount of required data).
	d). Transfer learning with freezing the initial layers (better to visalize loss curve and training curve).
	
3). Where do you see the main challenge in building a model like the one we asked here?
Response:
There were several challenges:
	a). Object to be classified is very small and not centered.
	b). Not a really good contrast between object and the background.
	c). Lot of empty space.
	d). on top of all of these not a lot of complex features to learn.
	
4). What would you do if you had more time to improve the model?
Response:
Following can be done:
	a). Perform the edge detection and hough transform to properly identify the object.
	b). After identification crop the unnecessary part while keeping the object in the center.
	c). Perform thresholding to generate the contrast between the object and background.
	
5). What problems might occur if this solution would be deployed to a factory that requires
automatic nails quality assurance?
Response:
Major problems will be related to the uniformity of the new samples. 